hey what's up guys today i'll show you a
horror film konjun haunted asylum
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
the film is about a group of people who
explore an old abandoned mental hospital
the film relies heavily on the
character's own cameras to tell the
story this gives it a more realistic
feel
it makes the viewers feel as if they
were with the characters themselves
it feels slow paced at the beginning but
once the scary stuff happens it doesn't
stop
the creativity in the story gives us a
fresh take with this overly familiar
trope while we didn't get to fully hear
the story of the haunted asylum it
leaves us wanting more
this film is a great commentary on how
people use tragic incidents to gain
profit and attention
it also asks us the question how far
would you go for money
the film opens with the recording of two
teenage boys who are exploring an
abandoned asylum called the gongjian
psychiatric hospital
during their broadcast they brag about
their bravery and entering the haunted
asylum
they are in front of the door to room
402 and as they try to open it they hear
a ping-pong sound and the video cuts off
with a face inside one of the rooms
we learn that these two boys disappeared
after going into the asylum little did
they know that their little scheme would
scar them forever
hajoon who owns the youtube channel
horror times recaps the news in his
youtube video
he is briefly summarizing the hospital's
history including the rumors surrounding
it his youtube videos are becoming
popular in pop culture
the asylum was awarded for being the
best mental hospital in the nineteen
sixties but it was shut down due to mass
suicides and the disappearance of the
hospital director
the rumors vary from one another
some say that it was a torture facility
disguised as a hospital or that the
japanese soldiers killed and buried
korean citizens there
but the most famous one is that the
director killed all the patients and
hung herself afterward
ajun announces that horror times will be
doing an exploration of dongjiam asylum
which he will be doing a live broadcast
of
he decides to form a group of six people
ayan charlotte jion sun hoon song wook
and jae yoon for the live broadcast
out of the six charlotte has visited
three out of the top seven haunted
places listed by cnn
they all meet up at a cafe to discuss
their plans for exploration here hajoon
reveals that he wants to hit 1 million
views to earn from ad revenues
while they are drinking they discuss
more about the rumors surrounding the
hospital
they say that no one has ever seen the
ghost of the director only the patients
and high school girls
apparently high school girls used to go
there to test their nerves but after
going in there they either commit
suicide get in accidents or get into a
coma
the group is in agreement that they all
want to go into room 402
which no one has ever opened and lived
to tell the tale
during their road trip to the asylum
they spin a camera around to decide
who's going to open the door
it lands on jae yoon who is definitely
unhappy that he has to do it they all go
for a swim before arriving at their
location
when they reach their destination the
asylum's main entrance was barricaded so
they had to enter through the back to
avoid the patrolling police officers
outside of the hospital they set up camp
with the equipment needed for the
broadcast
before officially starting the broadcast
sung hoon and song wook go inside the
asylum to install surveillance cameras
they all have dinner together before
preparing for the broadcast they set up
two cameras on their bodies one that
shows their point of view and one that
shows their face
as they are walking to the hospital they
do a video camera and mic test
a bird suddenly flies from the trees
which startles them they also find a
white underwear in the trees which they
decide to use as a marker
when they reach the entrance they hear
police sirens
they cover their lights and stay quiet
so that they would not get caught
the scenes are getting more intense as
they hide from the police
on the entrance they find graffiti that
says enter and die
they start the broadcast here with
sunwook acting as the main host for the
stream
hajoon is left behind at their camp
where he gives them directions
they enter the building through the
stairs that lead to the second floor
where the sides are lined with rooms
jihan and charlotte go ahead of them to
set up a small dish of holy water with a
camera
this is so that they can capture the
holy waters reactions
while sungwook is introducing the
viewers to the second floor the door to
the director's office slams shut
this prompts them to explore the room
they see several photographs inside
including photos of the patients staff
and the director
here they discover that the director
plays ping pong which could be the
explanation for the reports of ping pong
sounds in the asylum
they are startled when they hear a noise
and see something that resembles hair
from the ceiling
the group splits up to do separate
explorations of the hospital
sun wook and sun foon go back into the
director's office to set up a ritual
while the others are on different floors
charlotte and jihan are on the first
floor also known as the basement here
charlotte signs her name on a wall with
spray paint to celebrate her fourth
visit to a haunted place
under her name there was graffiti with
the words let's live
they walk down the corridor which is
filled with graffiti and words
their light keeps turning off they
decide to go into the laboratory where
there is water leaking all over the room
medical records all over the floor and
broken furniture
they also find a lot of shattered tiles
medical tools and medicine models
in a cabinet they find a strange looking
doll
as charlotte is about to take a photo of
what they are finding she shatters a
bottle with a dead chicken inside of it
after charlotte and jihan's part of the
broadcast we switched to jay yoon and ao
yan who are on the third floor
they find a broken ping pong table and a
dead bird during their exploration
they go into the shower room
jae yoon explains to the viewers how
they set up cameras in this room and
shows them the stain on the wall that
resembles a person
they proceed to the bathing room
j yoon freaks out when he sees a wig
floating in the bathtub
i young picks this up with a stick and
points it to jae yoon to spook him
we switch back to charlotte and jihyon
they are on the fourth floor where they
set up cameras that detect movements
they stand in front of room 402 and
explain to the viewers that anyone who
has tried to open it has either died or
become unconscious
they make an attempt to open the door
but it wouldn't budge
they head back to the director's room to
do the ritual
the room is set up with red strings and
bells an amulet with a spell wallet
candles and incense
the purpose of this is to call out the
ghosts
ayan is conducting the ritual they all
sit down to observe what will happen
the candlelight started flickering
before being blown out the bells start
ringing before falling down from the
ceiling the group runs out in terror
after this sun hoon and sung wok have a
separate conversation with han joon
this is where we find out that they had
scripted what happened during the ritual
after this conversation the small
kitchen range and hajjun's tent turned
on the monitors and lights turn off they
turn back on and he continues the
broadcast
the group proceeds to go into the lab on
the first floor they notice that the
room smells weird
charlotte notices that the doll they had
found before is in a different spot from
before
the doll turned out to be the same doll
in the photo that they found in the
office
charlotte freaks out when songwook holds
the doll and runs out of the room with
jihan
she scolds them afterward saying that
they shouldn't touch anything in places
like that
jay young and ayan went to the fourth
floor to install more cameras
charlotte and ji hyun go to the
collective care room
they find wooden closets that look like
coffins with holes located at the chest
level
sungwook sticks his arm inside one of
the holes and pretends to have his arm
pulled inside
when jihan puts her arm inside for a
second nothing happens
then she starts to scream as her arm is
pulling inside
when she manages to pull away there are
long scars on her arm
the wooden closet's door slowly opens
and charlotte's scarf is pulled
the group runs out
charlotte and ji hyun become even more
distressed when they notice that the
words under charlotte's signature change
to let's die
they decide to leave the asylum and go
back into the tent
hajoon rewinds the footage to confirm if
the words had really changed
it lies to sung wook and sung hoon about
this saying that the words had always
been let's die
he struggles to convince them that
nothing scary was happening during their
exploration
sung wook gets upset and cuts off his
radio from hajjun
he has a conversation with sung hoon and
they both agreed to continue the
broadcast if they get a bigger share
from the ad revenues
meanwhile charlotte and jihad find
themselves lost as they notice that they
pass by the underwear marker more than a
few times
charlotte becomes more terrified when
she notices that the items they found in
the laboratory are on the ground
she looks up to jihan who is behaving
strangely
when she pokes her jihan's eyes open
her eyes are completely black and she is
muttering under her breath
charlotte gets pulled up by the hair she
runs to the tent but upon entering the
tent she discovers that she is back
inside the hospital
sung wook and song foon go to the shower
room
they hear a noise from the supply room
and hajjun commands them to enter it
when they get inside they see a
wheelchair move on its own
the door behind them shuts close and the
furniture is suddenly on the ceiling
when the furniture crashes down objects
start flying around which knocks sun
look unconscious
sun hoon gets pulled outside of the room
when he runs back into it the door slams
in his face and he becomes unconscious
charlotte and jihan are inside the
hospital with ji hyun still possessed
when charlotte looks down the doll they
found earlier is on her foot
when she looks back up there is a naked
man with a scar on his chest
she tries to open the door she bangs on
it loudly but it does not open the man
drags her into the darkness
sung hoon wakes up and runs to i young
and jay yoon and begs them to leave with
him
he confesses that they scripted the
ritual but that everything that is
currently happening is real
a ping pong ball gets thrown at them
they hear charlotte scream inside room
they try to open the door but it would
not budge
a presence slowly approaches them from
the other side of the corridor
room 402 opens and the video cameras
black out
when they turn on their lights they find
themselves in a room filled with knee
deep water
someone tries to cover ah youngs and jay
yoon's eyes with their hands
when sung hoon checks the camera he sees
a high school girl
when he checks again he sees the
hospital patients
ayan gets possessed then j yoon then
girl screams at sung hoon's face
hajoon decides to go inside the hospital
himself to finish the exploration
when he gets inside he calls out their
names but gets no response
as he is looking outside a window he
feels a presence behind him
when he checks in the cameras who it is
turns out to be a woman with a bloody
mouth
she strangles him to death
songwook wakes up to find himself tied
to a wheelchair in the hallway
he calls for them but no one is there
the wheelchair moves to face him towards
room 402
as the wheelchair moves towards the room
he sees the patient's faces in the rooms
lining up the hallway
when he gets inside the door slams shut
in the end it is revealed that the
broadcast was cut off when sun look
admitted that they had scripted the
ritual
their views dropped with the viewers
believing that everything is staged
in the final shot we see the holy water
charlotte set up beginning to boil
this is daniel cc movie channel stay
safe and enjoy your fun for today